How could he be an underground black wilderness?
Hahahaha
Born, born
It's not good for you to provoke God
You want to kill the Black Emperor's daughter
The most powerful man in the underground world
Son, I'm here to accompany you
Dad, you really are the underground black emperor they say
I'm sorry, Zhenzhen.
Sorry.
Dad didn't mean to hide it from you
I already felt it
Uncle
Not a plant in a pond
It was the Supreme Underworld
Mom, you already know who Dad is
In the beginning
I thought he was just like those punks
ignorant
I only know how to fight and kill every day
But
Can make Tiger Lord bow down and kneel
Can make a strong woman like Shu Ting fall in love
But I know his identity must be different
I can faintly guess
Until I was under our sofa
See that knife
Then why are you Zhangye?
You have to understand
The higher your status
The more terrifying the enemy you will meet
Chen Zhen's situation will become more dangerous
You should understand me.
I understand this.
I'm sorry for you mother and daughter
But don't worry.
As long as I am
No one dares to move you guys
Since you have decided to fight me
Hmph, then I will fulfill you